Hi Rob, Uli, and the rest of the Music Tribe team,

I'm a product designer, and grad from Systems Design Engineering at the University of Waterloo—a multidisciplinary engineering program focused on holistic design thinking using a broad set of software, mechanical, electrical and human-factors engineering skills. I've worked in product management and user experience design at several companies, identifying key problems users are facing, designing and iterating on potential solutions, and prototyping and testing those solutions. 

In my final year of school, I led a team in innovating and improving hearing protection. We noticed people in construction sites and other industrial settings are often resistant to wearing hearing protection because they need to communicate on site, and constant removal of hearing protection to talk is a nuisance. We designed and built a smart hearing protection device that changes its attenuation based on the volume of the wearer's environment to eliminate the need to remove hearing protection, and keep their ears protected for the entire work day. Our pitch and demo won us the Norman Esch Entrepreneurship prize!

When I'm not designing and creating products, I love making music. In addition to songwriting and attending several open mics, this past April I had the amazing experience of singing at the Beacon Theater in New York with the Water Boys for the finals of the International Competition for Collegiate A Cappella, where we ranked 5th of 10 finalists and over 300 entrants!

I'm really excited to create innovative products in a space that I'm incredibly passionate about. I think my multidisciplinary engineering education, experience in UX design and product management, holistic academic projects, and passion for music will allow me to really excel at Music Tribe.